Selector rework (#640)
typst/typst: docs/src/reference/types.md

>>>
>>> #(-3)
```

# Selector
A filter for selecting elements within the document.

You can construct a selector in the following ways:

> - you can call the `[selector]` function
> - you can use a `[position]`
> - you can use an element function
> - you can use a regex
> - you can use a `[<label>]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- you can call the [`selector`]($func/selector) function
- you can use a [`location`]($func/locate)
- you can use an element function
- you can use a [string]($type/string) or [regular expression]($func/regex)
- you can use a [`{<label>}`]($func/label)
```

Author: Thanks, I wasn't too sure how to do the doc properly with links, etc.

A selector is what you can use to query the document for certain types
of elements. It can also be used to apply styling rules to element. You can

> combined multiple queries together using the methods on a selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
combine multiple selectors using the methods shown below.
```

> Selectors can also be passed to several of the built-in functions in typst to
> change their behaviour. Such as the [outline]($func/outline) where it can be
> use to change the type of items that are listed within the outline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selectors can also be passed to several of Typst's built-in functions to configure 
their behaviour. One such example is the [outline]($func/outline) where it can be
use to change which elements are listed within the outline.
```

## Example
```example

> #locate(loc => {
>   repr(query(heading.where(level: 1).any(heading.where(level: 2)), loc))
> })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#locate(loc => query(
  heading.where(level: 1)
    .any(heading.where(level: 2)), 
  loc,
))
```

= This will be found by the query

== So will this

=== But this will not.

```

## Methods
### before()

> Returns a new selector that will only match elements that were declared
> before the first match of the selector argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a modified selector that will only match elements that occur
before the first match of the selector argument.
```

> - location: selector (positional, required)
>   The selector ued to find the last element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- target: selector (positional, required)
  The selector used to find the last element.
```
or maybe `end` instead of `target` and `start` for `after()`?
in any case, these suggestions also apply to `after()`.

- inclusive: boolean (named)

>   Whether the last element should match or not. This is only applicable if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Whether the `target` element itself should match or not. This is only relevant if
```

their behaviour. One such example is the [outline]($func/outline) where it can be
use to change which elements are listed within the outline.

## Example
```example
#locate(loc => query(
  heading.where(level: 1)
    .or(heading.where(level: 2)), 
  loc,
))

= This will be found by the query

== So will this

=== But this will not.

```

## Methods
### before()
Returns a modified selector that will only match elements that occur
before the first match of the selector argument.

- target: selector (positional, required)
  The selector used to find the last element.
- inclusive: boolean (named)
  Whether the `target` element itself should match or not. This is only relevant if
  both selectors match the same type of element.
  Defaults to `{true}`.

### after()
Returns a new selector that will only match elements that were declared
after the first match of the selector argument.

- location: selector (positional, required)
  The selector ued to find the first element.
- inclusive: boolean (named)
  Whether the first element should match or not. This is only applicable if
  both selectors match the same type of element.
  Defaults to `{true}`.

> ### any()

Reviewer: names are wrong
